README.md, before:

[![Docker Image Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface/Publish%20Docker%20image?label=docker%20build)](https://hub.docker.com/r/conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface)
[![GitHub-Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface)](https://github.com/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface/issues)
[![GitHub-Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface.svg)](https://github.com/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface/releases)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface)](https://hub.docker.com/r/conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface)

# docker-mediathekview
X11rdp Version of Mediathekview
## About
Using this container allows you to run Mediathekview as a service and control it via webbrowser like Firefox or Chrome.
The X11rdp feature is inherited from [https://github.com/jlesage/docker-baseimage-gui](https://github.com/jlesage/docker-baseimage-gui).

## Installation
### Manual

1. Download Dockerfile or clone the repository.
2. Run `docker build .` to create the docker image.
3. Wait until build process is finished.

### Pre-build
The Github repository is automatically build by Github Actions.
You can pull it from Docker Hub:
```
docker pull conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface:latest
```
Some older versions can also be acquired by using e.g.
```
docker pull conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface:13.3.0-3
```

## Running it
For additional configuration options, have a look at the [available environment-variables](https://github.com/jlesage/docker-baseimage-gui#environment-variables).
For basic usage, just use
```
docker run -it -p 127.0.0.1:5800:5800 --rm \
    -v $HOME/.mediathek3:/config:rw \
    -v <path to your media files>:/output:rw \
    conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface:latest
```

## Developing
Make your changes, then build new version:
`docker build --rm -t mymediathek -f Dockerfile .`

Run the container with some testing environment:
`docker run --name mymedia -p 127.0.0.1:5800:5800 --rm -it -e USER_ID=99 -e GROUP_ID=99 -e KEEP_APP_RUNNING=1 -v /tmp/mediathek_config:/config:rw -v /tmp/mediathek_downloads:/output:rw  mymediathek:latest`

attach to running container and debug:
`docker exec -it mymedia bash`

Commit message:

feature: provide option for automatic Filmliste updates
The newly added script can be executed using e.g. `docker exec` from the container host.
Additionally, any currently known update popups that might prevent an Filmliste update
are closed before the "F5" key is sent to the container.

Fixes conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface#16

README.md, after:

[![Docker Image Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface/Publish%20Docker%20image?label=docker%20build)](https://hub.docker.com/r/conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface)
[![GitHub-Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface)](https://github.com/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface/issues)
[![GitHub-Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface.svg)](https://github.com/conrad784/docker-mediathekview-webinterface/releases)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface)](https://hub.docker.com/r/conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface)

# docker-mediathekview
X11rdp Version of Mediathekview
## About
Using this container allows you to run Mediathekview as a service and control it via webbrowser like Firefox or Chrome.
The X11rdp feature is inherited from [https://github.com/jlesage/docker-baseimage-gui](https://github.com/jlesage/docker-baseimage-gui).

## Installation
### Manual

1. Download Dockerfile or clone the repository.
2. Run `docker build .` to create the docker image.
3. Wait until build process is finished.

### Pre-build
The Github repository is automatically build by Github Actions.
You can pull it from Docker Hub:
```
docker pull conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface:latest
```
Some older versions can also be acquired by using e.g.
```
docker pull conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface:13.3.0-3
```

## Running it
For additional configuration options, have a look at the [available environment-variables](https://github.com/jlesage/docker-baseimage-gui#environment-variables).
For basic usage, just use
```
docker run -it -p 127.0.0.1:5800:5800 --rm \
    -v $HOME/.mediathek3:/config:rw \
    -v <path to your media files>:/output:rw \
    conrad784/mediathekview-webinterface:latest
```

### Updating Filmliste and automatic downloads

You can configure "Downloads aus Abos sofort starten" in the MediathekView settings so that movies get downloaded automatically as they are discovered when the movie list is (re)loaded. This will start downloads immediatly.

To regularely reload the server list, there are two options utilizing scheduled tasks on the docker host. This can be implemented using e.g. unix cron jobs or synology scheduled tasks:

* Restart the whole container: `docker restart <container_name>`
* Send the reload command to MediathekView: `docker exec <container_name> /refresh-movie-list.sh`

## Developing
Make your changes, then build new version:
`docker build --rm -t mymediathek -f Dockerfile .`

Run the container with some testing environment:
`docker run --name mymedia -p 127.0.0.1:5800:5800 --rm -it -e USER_ID=99 -e GROUP_ID=99 -e KEEP_APP_RUNNING=1 -v /tmp/mediathek_config:/config:rw -v /tmp/mediathek_downloads:/output:rw  mymediathek:latest`

attach to running container and debug:
`docker exec -it mymedia bash`
